Source: alexotos - The Evo75 - Check This Out - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5q28h3Y2KmM

Oh wow. This honestly this is really pretty. I'm vibing with this color. It's the Evo 75 today. This is the new one from Evo Works. This has been quite hyped up. In fact, I will say I I I waited too long to review the Evo80 in my humble opinion. So, I'm glad we get to see this today. The price is really good on this. We'll go over everything. Uh the aesthetic is in my opinion much different. I'm not sure how I feel about the aesthetic yet because I love the Evo80. But there are some stuff that I kind of glanced over on the um notion page that I saw about this board that I'm like, "Hell yes, I like what Evo works is doing with this." We should have the green unit today. Does it say on the side? Oh, I guess it just says anodized and mirror silver, but it should be the green unit. We have a PP plate with the rye switches. So, let's go over everything before we open this bad boy up. I think Evo Works is killing it with these things. And you want to know why? Before we even open it, I'm telling you, man, the mounting style that Evo Works is doing on these boards is phenomenal. Absolutely insane. I really like their iteration of their butterfly leaf spring mounts. I think it's really good. But yeah, this is going to be the Evo 75. Yeah, it should start at 169. So 169 for the Rye switches. And I don't think the amber switches go for anything different, but 170 sounds pretty damn reasonable to me as per the ege with all these things. Basically, all the good features about the EVO 80, including the mounting style. It does still have a 1.2 mm thickness PCB, which didn't seem to pose a problem in the last board. So, I'm hoping that carries over to this. And these are the rise switches, which is a new stem mold for deeper, more focused, low pitch typing sounds. I'm excited to try them. Let's uh let's open this. They also said they upgraded the key caps to a thicker PBT. Again, I waited way too long to look at the Evo 80 Pro. Let's see if they gave us the green color way. Oo, a hard shell case, too. Spoiled. I'm so spoiled right now. Ooh, what we got in here? We got some paperwork, cable, some extra switches, which is a nice touch, extra key caps, our dongle, a little QC pass card. Vi I'm vibing with this color right now. I don't know if I like the color of the key caps, but you know what? They look really good quality at first glance. Oo, this is a nice color. It has been a minute since I've seen a color like this for a keyboard. Oh, there's like a little protective I like. That's nice, too. pretty damn good protection for these these cases here. Actually, you know what? I I was telling a friend this earlier today where I wasn't 100% sure how I felt about the case that maybe I'd like it more when I saw it. I think this will only come pre-built, which dude, they really should consider. I don't know if they're planning on offering a barebones version, but they should consider that. But we're going to tear it apart and try it in a few different configs. Maybe we'll try some other switches today, too. Oh, wow. This, honestly, this is really pretty. I'm vibing with this color. All right, so the case, the case is interesting here. So, on the case, we have this bit of a lip, which is very different. So, let me get the Evo 80 really quick. This is actually, is this heavier? This feels a little bit heavier than the Evo 80. So, the Evo 80 didn't have that big lip. So, this kind of has a more rounded look in my opinion. This was a little bit more subtle for the Evo 80. I do like this little badge. And I kind of like this piece, too. I know these have some RGB. I don't mind this at all. I thought this would be a bit tacky at first. It also acts as a button, which is cool. Me talking about preference here, I kind of wish they followed suit and just kind of went with the more standardish here. You know what? This reminds me a little bit about the Jelly Evolve. That's what it kind of looks like a little bit here, which I think is going to be a bit of an acquired taste. This was the side profile of the Evo 80, which I thought was incredibly slick. I thought this was amazing for the Evo 80. And then if we look at this guy, this is more of your box on wedge, but you do have a decent little gradient going downwards, which I like. I think this is pretty. I do want to get the front height of this, too. I do still kind of like the Evo 80 a bit more, but this this is nice cuz I don't Did the Evo 80 even have this, right? The Evo80 had the Wi-Fi toggles and on and off stuff underneath a key cap. This is not on a key cap. And dude, see what I mean? You don't like the toggle? I freaking love it, dude. I think this is the best feature that anyone can put in a board these days. The toggle on the back, I think makes this for me. It doesn't even look bad. You're never going to look at this side of the keyboard. And there's so much functionality. I like the bottom of this board more. I do like the bottom of this more, too. I I don't know how you guys feel. I think this is a prettier looking bottom overall. This kind of gives me a bit of of a percent studios vibe. I don't know why I'm getting that. I mentioned that earlier to my friend as well that I was talking to about this board, but it's definitely giving me like a bit of a percent studios. I love Actually, I really like this. This looks really pretty. Chrome band-aid. Oh my gosh. Gray. It kind of does look like Gray Studios, too. Yeah, a little bit. Got some custom feet that say Evo Works. Again, you can see the uh nice graduated curve there, which is really pretty. It definitely has its own vibe to it, too. I think I do a little bit prefer the Evo 80 aesthetic, but the bottom I will give to the Evo 75. Also, this feels chunkier, too. [Applause] Okay, these switches are freaking nice. They feel nice. I got to give it to them, man. Their mounting style feels so comfy to type on. But let's see what this sounds like stock and then we're going to tear it apart. And also, someone asked if this is a gradient keycap set. It looks like that, huh? That's really pretty. It has like a bit of a gradient to them. These key caps feel really good, too. These are a huge step up from the stock key caps from before, too. I mean that sounds really good. [Applause] The space bar I feel like could be a bit deeper, but I think it kind of pairs well with everything else. For 170 out of the box, getting all these, including really good key caps, I'm happy. Now, I want to see how we're going to customize this thing because it should be fairly easy. Yeah, look how thick these key caps are, dude. So, they're they're stating 1.7 mm for thickness here. We should put that to the test as well. These are nice key caps. Holy, I love thick PBT key caps. I mean, I'm I'm getting 1.8. I mean, it might vary from wall to wall here. Let's try a thinner looking wall. 1.7. So, it is literally what they say it is. And let's see. Front height 20 on the dot. If you guys are maybe not sure about my preferences here, I after testing tons and tons of tons and tons of keyboards, I like keyboards that are 20 and below. So, 20 is the top end of what I find super comfortable to type on. anything higher and I feel like I'm I either have to adjust my desk which is not possible for people or change my chair and I don't know I don't like the way it feels. Cool. And then now we can open this up cuz this has a catchall system. Oh wow, look at this LED over here. That is kind of cool. So we got foam and then Oh yeah, look at that weight. Oh wait, that's not the weight. That's just the cover for everything. Is that stainless as well? Dude, actually do you hear that? That is a pretty Yeah, this probably will sound really good with no foam. No metallic ping at all. By the way, this is not a scientific test. This is like the worst test ever. But then we have the the gaskets, the leaf springs. My favorite part about this entire board. I think they nailed it with the leaf springs. So, show the back of the PCB. We have flex cuts. It's the same style PCB as the Evo Works 80, which again, I'm not upset about. I didn't get to review the 80 until like literally what, last week. Uh, so I feel like I'm going to give it the same criticism where I wish I mean I Okay, first of all, I want to say I w I am fully understanding that this is a pre-built keyboard with a fixed layout. I get it. But I'll give it the same criticism where they could have added PCB mounted holes for the for the plate. Not that it matters. This is for the um sorry the stabilizers. They could have added PCB mounted stabilizer holes. They could have gave us an extra option here and there. I feel like they've done it in the past. Why not? The flex cuts. Let's just leave that out of like the topic. That's a preference thing. I normally go for no flex cuts, but you know what? The Evil Works 80s surprised the hell out of me. So, they could have done those things. And again, I'll give it that same level of criticism here. But let's take off the key caps and then let's uh rebuild this board with no foam. Actually, let's see how it sounds with no bottom foam in it. Feel like this kind of opens it a little bit, you know? I kind of like it more without this. Like for the foamy sound signature, I feel like this gives it the perfect balance for me. Yeah, I'm going to be building with different key caps, too, and maybe switching the switches. But I kind of like these stock switches, but I have to remove everything anyways to get the foam out. That's nice. All right, let's take things apart, shall we? Let's start disassembling this bad boy. Also, little review on these key caps. Again, the legends are crisp. I think these might be some of the best stock key caps I've seen and best feeling cuz I really like the way these feel. They have like a nice like slight texture, like very smidge of a texture. These are nice, man. I really like these key caps. Uh the board I don't has the board even released yet? Actually, I don't even think it has actually. You know what? That's a great question. When does it even come out? I know it's soon. It's 169 for all the versions and it should be soon. All right. I'm thinking no foam because I had a really good experience last time with no foam and I want to do it again. If anything, I think last time we just put the bottom foam in and we really liked it. Do I want to try these switches again? I think so. I feel like these are going to sound really good with this. I have a good feeling. I have a really good feeling. Dandy is a really good set. It's actually one of my favorite sets. I really like the green that Dandy has. See, this shocks me. It's a little lighter in sound signature, I think, because the PP plate, but like that is shockingly interesting for a flex PCB, you know. Okay, I do think we need the bottom foam, but I really feel like these leaf springs, like these things are so good, these things here. I'm going to praise them again here because I really think this is legitimately my favorite mounting style in a keyboard in so long. I really like the fact that they they put a block of silicone underneath, right? Block of silicone, metal leaf springs on top, and this whole thing is basically force broken from the bottom. It is such a good idea, and I really think that's contributing to it. I know the flex cuts definitely sound like not not thinner per se, but they're quieter in this case, but I really think that all the negative sounds that typically come out of the flex cuts are kind of being counteracted by the way this is uh mounted. So, kudos to the team there. Let's put the foam back on the bottom. Actually, you know what I liked last time that we did? Last time I think I did this. I think I can kind of get away with doing this. I have to put it upside down just so this could go through here. But let's see. Will this work? [Applause] It's definitely not loud. I like the F FR4 plate from the Evo 80 better because this is the Evo 80 with Yeah. Like look how good that sounds. And that's flex cuts. Like this is this is the F FR4 plate. And then we put the uh foam on the bottom as well. I think if you're going to go foamless, perhaps you go with just the F FR4 plate. I don't think I'd go with this particular combination for foamless, but the sound's there. It just needs an ump from like a harder plate. Now, I kind of just want to disassemble this one more time. And I kind of want to put a piece of mid foam, but not the PE foam. All right, let's throw the mid foam back in. Still a little bit lighter in sound signature. So, maybe the F FR4 plate. I think the F FR4 P is would bang in this. Let's put this too. Sounds dainty. It sounds nice. It's just lacking some loudness. We can try a different switch, too. I mean, it sounds good. It's deep. It's very deep sounding. Let's try some long pull switches, too. So, let me see what I got we can stick in here. Maybe we can try some OG cheese switches. That's pretty creamy. It It It does sound pretty creamy. Yeah. Yeah. The uh screwless design is so convenient, especially if you're newer to keyboards. Oh, yeah. That's the cheese switch as well on the space bar. Oh, actually, actually, I think this even pairs well. I'm not even hitting the H and the J right now. I think the PP plate is going to be your choice if you want to go with foam. I think that's where it's going to hit the hardest if you go with a foamy keyboard. And then you can either choose between swapping the key caps or using this really good set that comes with it. Uh, it does feel like they've put more quality parts into the catchable system. There is an extra button here, too, if you guys are interested. Not exactly sure what it's bound to. Probably have to experiment. The LEDs on this are fun. I don't know if they're going to be everyone's cup of tea. So, if we turn this on again, again, I don't know if this overall aesthetic is going to be for everybody. I think this is a very solid release side by side to the Evo 80. And for this, they tend they wanted to make it a bit more fun, more bubbly, more chunky, which could be for someone, you know, like it's it's not again my cup of tea, but it's a visual thing. So, that's not really an objective thing overall for everyone. Like, this could be someone's dream keyboard. But, I I do think they knocked it out of the park. Again, I really like these Evo Works boards, man. This is insane value you're getting for the for the price here. You know what? And like I said, long pull switch sounds really good with the PP plate. Shockingly good. Like it doesn't even sound like there's foam with the long pull switches. Like not at all. All right, guys. I will talk to you later. See you soon and bye everyone. Love you. [Applause]